article 88: Rights of Leaders of Employees&#39; Associations

<ul>
			<li>1 - : The right to wage increment and promotion of a leader of an employees&#39; association who absents himself from the work of the undertaking for the purpose of association duties may not be curtailed. The time spent on association duties shall be considered as part of his services for the undertaking.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : Leaders of federation or confederation of employees shall be full-time paid employees of the federation or confederation. The federation or confederation shall also pay all services-related benefits that would be due to them during their tenure there.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : A leader of a federation or confederation of employees whose services with the federation or confederation are terminated or completed shall be entitled to return to a job in the undertaking at least comparable to his former position. Where a leader of a federation of employees return to a job in the undertaking, he shall be entitled to the general wage increases which might have been given absence and pension rights, if any.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>4 - : Where a leader of a federation or confederation of employees returns to a job in his former undertaking pursuant to sub-article (3) of this Article, his former undertaking shall familiarize him with new working conditions, procedures and technology, if any.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>5 - : In cases where implementing the provisions sub-articles (3) and (4) of tills Article is impossible due to valid reasons, a leader who leaves his post of leadership from the federation or confederation of employees shall be adequately compensated by the federation or confederation, provided, however, that the undertaking he had been working liar before becoming a leader of a federation or confederation of employees shall pay him severance pay and other dues in respect of rights he had acquired while working for the undertaking.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>6 - : The provisions of sub-articles (3)-(5) of this Article shall not apply to a leader who leaves his post due to corruption, theft, embezzlement or betrayal of the purpose of the organization or the commission of a crime.<ul>
			</ul></li></ul>