article 10: Land Allocation and Registration Process

<ul>
			<li>1 - : Land allocated for area development shall be distinctly shown in a map indicating plots to be allocated for right holders, for roads and other purposes; and this map shall be reference for the area.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : Land determined to be allocated for right holders shall be given unique number, in accordance with area code given by the Ministry of Land, Water and Environment. The identification number of a plot shall include unique areal number of its location and serial number.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : Prior to allocation of land to right holders the following information that indicate the description of the land shall be documented: identification number of each plot, temporary or permanent street name, surface area in square meter, and grade of plot in land use, its position according to area plan and its rental category.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>4 - : Subsequent to the preparation of land allocation in the above manner, right holders may buy application forms and submit them to the concerned employee of Land Administration Body after duly filling out the questions in the form. The employee who received the form shall ascertain whether the necessary information has been properly indicated, and shall give a reference number to the application form and give receipt to the applicant.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>5 - : To process documents and decide on application according to their order of filing (submission), they shall be entertained by appointed authorities.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>6 - : Upon decision for the allocation of land to applicants, they shall pay a fee to cover the processing of land allocation. Where an application is rejected, the reasons for rejection shall be communicated to the applicants in writing, and the applicants may reapply after fulfilling the indicated reasons by buying a new form.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>7 - : Applicants who are allocated land shall be given certificate&#x2F;lease contract lawfully registered and signed by the persons appointed to allocate land.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>8 - : The right holder who has obtained allocation of land by virtue a certificate, shall proceed to utilize the land. To ensure that land is put to its designated use, the right holder shall inform in writing (about the status of the land) to the cadastral office three times within the first two years after allocation, that is first- six months after allocation, second time- one year after allocation and third time - two years after allocation.<ul>
			</ul></li></ul>