article 13: Export conditions

<ul>
			<li>1 - : Provisions applied to exports of fishery products from The State of Eritrea to other countries shall comply with the conditions laid down in The Fishery Products Regulations Legal Notice No. 40&#x2F;1998, The Aquaculture Product Regulations Legal Notice No. 64 &#x2F;2003, The Fishery Products Additives Regulation Legal Notice No. 65&#x2F;2003. The Factory Vessel Regulations Legal Notice No. 67&#x2F;2003 and The Potable Water Regulations Legal Notice No. 68&#x2F;2003 and supplementary with the requirements of the legislation of the country to which the State of Eritrea exports.<ul>
						<li>a - : No person shall export, process for export or attempt to export or attempt to process for export, any fishery product unless that fishery product is prepared or processed in an establishment in accordance with the requirements laid down in The Fishery Products Regulations Legal Notice No. 40&#x2F;1998, The Aquaculture Product Regulations Legal Notice No. 64&#x2F;2003, The Fishery Products Additives Regulation Legal Notice No. 65&#x2F;2003, The Factory Vessel Regulations Legal Notice No. 67&#x2F;2003 and The Potable Water Regulations Legal Notice No. 68&#x2F;2003 and supplementary with the requirements of the legislation of the country to which The State of Eritrea exports.<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>b - : No person shall export, process for export or attempt to export or attempt to process for export any fishery product that is tainted, decomposed or unwholesome or otherwise fails to meet the requirements of The Fishery Products Regulations Legal Notice No. 40&#x2F;1998, The Aquaculture Product Regulations Legal Notice No. 64&#x2F;2003, The Fishery Products Additives Regulation Legal Notice No. 65&#x2F;2003, The Factory Vessel Regulations Legal Notice No.67&#x2F;2003 and The Potable Water Regulations Legal Notice No. 68&#x2F;2003 and supplementary with the requirements of the legislation of the country to which The State of Eritrea exports.<ul>
						</ul></li>			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : All shipments of fishery products of any type, in any presentation, quantity and by any means of transportation, should be accompanied by an Export Health Certificate issued by the Competent Authority (A model health certificate for export to Europe is set forth in Schedule No. 1 of the Fishery Product Regulations Legal Notice No. 40&#x2F;1998). Any other export health certificate that is approved by the Competent Authority can accompany exports to other destinations.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : In case of failure to present this certificate, export of fishery products shall be forbidden.<ul>
			</ul></li></ul>