article 37: Penalty

<ul>
			<li>1 - Violating provisions of this Proclamation: Without prejudice to rigorous punishment in the Transitional Penal Code of Eritrea 1991, any person who violates any provision of this Proclamation shall be punishable with up to two years of imprisonment or 3000 Birr fine or both. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - Avoiding national service by deceit, deliberate infliction of bodily injury or by any other means: Without prejudice to rigorous punishment in the Transitional Penal Code of Eritrea, if any person who has a duty to take part in national service avoids. or attempts to avoid national service by mischief, deliberate infliction of bodily injury or by any other means shall be punishable with imprisonment up to two years and fine up to 3000 Birr. He shall also take part in national service. If the deliberate infliction of bodily injury makes him unfit for active national service the punishment shall be up to 3 years.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - Escape from National Service: Knowing his national service duty, if a national leaves the Country for different reasons and if he fails to come back and serve until he attains the age of 40, he shall be punishable with five years imprisonment. This punishment shall be applicable until the person attains the age of 50. He shall also be deprived of rights to get land, visa, and business license and job opportunities. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>4 - Assisting to avoid national service or registration: Without prejudice to rigorous punishment in Transitional Penal Code of Eritrea, any person who assists another or attempts to assist to avoid national service or registration to national service or causes delays or obstruction or hides him or cause names to be deleted form registration documents or helps the person inflict bodily injury deliberately or provide false information or helps him in any other means shall be punishable pursuant to sub-article 1 of this provision. <ul>
			</ul></li></ul>