legal-notice 42&#x2F;1998: THE POTABLE WATER REGULATIONS

<ul>
			<li>1 - Short Title: These Regulations may be cited as the &quot;Potable Water Regulations Legal Notice No 42&#x2F;1998&quot;.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - Scope of Application: These Regulations concern standards of water intended for human consumption, to be observed in fishery product activities within the context of the Fishery Product Proclamation No 105&#x2F;1998 and the Fishery Product Regulation Legal Notice No 40&#x2F;1998.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - Definition: For the purpose of these Regulations, water intended for human consumption shall mean all water used for that purpose, either in its original state or after treatment, regardless of origin:<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>4 - Types of water to which these Regulations do not apply: These Regulations shall not apply to:<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>5 - Plan of Water Distribution: The management of a plant shall account for the source(s) of supply (mains, mains with intermediate storage, surface water or well water) and be responsible for ensuring that the water used in the plant is potable. It shall demonstrate the water distribution system within the plant. The official inspector shall have access to a reticulation plan that shows pipes and all outlets within the plant. Consecutive numbering to enable location on the plan shall identify the outlets themselves.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>6 - Chlorination System: If chlorine is used, it shall be added in line by dosing or injection (gas or liquid) prior to intermediate storage to permit sufficient contact time with the water in order to allow the chlorine to react with the organic matter such that the chlorine not combined after 20-30 minutes remains as free residual chlorine available in line to react with whatever contamination present in the piping system (back syphonages, dead ends, for example). The retention tank, shall therefore, have the capacity to retain the water together with the chlorine added for at least 20-30 minutes.
The cleaning programs for intermediate storage shall be documented and monitored and be demonstrable.
The products (fish, shrimp, mollusks, etc.) shall not be washed, dipped, glazed, or treated with hyperchlorinated water. It is recommended to use, in the case of an in-plant chlorinating system the same chlorine level as authorized by the legislation in the third country for potable water intended for direct human consumption.
The chlorine content shall be checked regularly (at least once a day). An alarm system is recommended to be applied to ensure the functioning of the chlorination system.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>7 - Microbiological examinations: <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>8 - Phsicochemical examination: <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>9 - Sampling: The sample shall be collected in sterile bottle. The tap to be sampled shall be run for long enough to completely flush the pipe supplying the tap, and in any case for 2-3 minutes. Before a water sample is drawn from the tap, the tip of the tap shall be flamed using spirit and water shall be allowed to flow for 5 minutes before collection. In cases where the test is undertaken 3 hours or more after sampling, the bottles must be kept in ice. If a sample is to be taken from a chlorinated water supply, any trace of chlorine shall be neutralized immediately after collection. A crystal of sodium thiosalphate introduced into the sampling bottle prior to sterilization serves to neutralize the chlorine.
The samples shall be taken from various outlets within the plant. A rotation is organized between the identified outlets from which the water is in contact with the product. Ice shall also be regularly tested.
The result of the examination shall have the identification of the outlet where the sample is collected.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>10 - Laboratories for official and private checks: The yearly (3 month) full examination sample (organoleptic, physicochemical, undesirable and toxic substances, microbiological parameters) is to be collected by an official person and analyzed in an official laboratory.
The routinely-taken samples are to be collected by the management of the plant and analyzed in the in-plant laboratory or in an external private accredited laboratory. These examinations are to be carried out under the supervision of the official inspector.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>11 - Entry into Force: These Regulations shall enter into force as of the date of their publication in the Gazette of Eritrean Laws. Done at Asmara, this 25th day of May, 1998<ul>
			</ul></li></ul>