article 11: Cancellation of land allocation and its effect

<ul>
			<li>1 - : Where land is not put to its designated use during the prescribed period without good cause or it is utilized for a purpose other than that designated for without the approval of the Land Administration Body, allocation&#x2F;lease shall be cancelled and the land shall be restored to the Government. If there is good cause, allocation&#x2F;lease shall not be cancelled. Good cause shall mean reason that is beyond the volition and control of the right holder.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : Notwithstanding that land is allocated for tiesa or leasehold, if the land is needed for governmental development projects or for national reconstruction and taken pursuant to the pertinent provisions of the Land Proclamation No. 58&#x2F;1994 and this regulation or if the lease period expires and the lease cannot be renewed, upon notifying timely to holder, the allocation shall be cancelled and land restored to the Government holding. The Government or the concerned regional&#x2F;urban administration or other Government body shall pay compensation to the right holder. Compensation and its mode of payment for tiesa and agricultural usufruct shall be in accordance with part two of Land Proclamation No. 58&#x2F;1994, but in the case of leasehold, the extent of compensation to be paid for the lessee shall be in proportionate to the market value of the property built or erected over the land. Payment is effected before the right holder relinquishes the land.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : Compensation may be determined through assessment, discussions and agreements made by and between the Ministry of Land, Water and Environment and the right holder. Where the parties fail to agree on the extent of compensation, the case shall be submitted to the High Court. The High Court shall have exclusive jurisdiction over matters pertaining to compensation. <ul>
			</ul></li></ul>