article 12: Drilling Practices and Abandonment

<ul>
			<li>1 - : Every Contractor shall ensure that his Well design and conduct of Drilling operations, including his casing, cementing, Well spacing, plugging operations, etc. are in accordance with generally accepted practices in the international petroleum industry.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : Every Well shall be identified by a geographic name, number and geographic co-ordinates which shall be shown on maps, plans and similar records which a Contractor is required to keep, and the Minister shall at once be notified in writing of any change of the name of a Well.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : Before commencing any work on or Drilling any Well, or recommencing work on any Well on which work has been discontinued for more than six months, a Contractor shall give the Minister seven (7) days&#39; notice in writing of his intention and such notice shall include:<ul>
						<li>a - : the official name and number of the Well;<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>b - : a description of its precise location by reference to geographical co-ordinates;<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>c - : a detailed report on the Drilling technique to be employed, an estimate of the time to be taken and depth objective, the material to be used, and the safety measures to be employed, in the Drilling of the Well; and<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>d - : a summary of the geological, geochemical and geophysical data, and any interpretations thereof, upon which the Contractor made his proposal to drill the Well in the particular location.<ul>
						</ul></li>			</ul></li>			<li>4 - : Where any work or Drilling relating to any Well is discontinued for a period exceeding thirty (30) days, a Contractor shall notify the Minister in writing to that effect.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>5 - : Before recommencing any work on or Drilling, with respect to any Well on which work has been discontinued for more than thirty (30) days but for less than six (6) months, a Contractor shall give forty-eight (48) hours&#39; notice in writing of his intention to do so.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>6 - : Except with the written approval of the Minister, no Contractor shall drill a Well from any surface area within the contract area which is less than one thousand (1000) meters from a boundary of such contract area.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>7 - : No Well shall be drilled from within a contract area through any vertical boundary of such contract area.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>8 - : A directional Well drilled under a contract area from a surface location on nearby land not within such contract area shall be deemed to have the same effect for all purposes of the Revised Petroleum Operations Proclamation No. 108&#x2F;2000 as a Well drilled from a surface location within such contract area and, in such circumstances, the production of Petroleum from the contract area through a directional Well surfaced on nearby land, or Drilling or reworking of any such directional Well shall be considered production, Drilling or reworking operations, as the case may be, in the contract area.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>9 - : Nothing contained in sub-article 12 (8) above shall be construed to grant to a Contractor any leasehold interest, license, easement, right-of-way or other right which such Contractor is required to acquire under the Revised Petroleum Operations Proclamation No. 108&#x2F;2000 or any other law.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>10 - : Before abandoning any Well, the Contractor shall give, in the case of a producing Well, not less than thirty (30) days, and, in the case of any other Well, not less than seventy-two (72) hours&#39; written notice to the Minister of his intention to abandon and such notice shall be accompanied by a satisfactory program for the abandonment and plugging of the Well identified in the notice.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>11 - : A Contractor shall state in its notice of abandonment of a Well whether the Well is capable of providing a fresh water supply and shall comply with the provisions of Article 17 (4) of the Revised Petroleum Operations Proclamation No. 108&#x2F;2000.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>12 - : Subject to the terms and conditions of a Contract, a Contractor may, upon the expiration of the relevant period of notice or upon receipt by the Contractor of the written approval of the Minister of the program submitted pursuant to the preceding sub-article, whichever is earlier, commence the abandonment operations in relation to such Well; provided that in all cases the Contractor shall have given the Minister reasonable notice of the commencement of such operations and the Contractor shall:<ul>
						<li>i - : undertake to securely plug such Well to prevent pollution and possible damage to the deposit, and shall, except as the Minister may otherwise direct or the Contract may otherwise provide, remove all equipment, materials and facilities relating thereto;<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>ii - : not withdraw cemented strings or other forms of casing without the prior written approval of the Minister; and<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>iii - : permit a representative of the Minister to observe such operations.<ul>
						</ul></li>			</ul></li></ul>