article 30: Registration of Alterations and Registration Anew

<ul>
			<li>1 - : Any alteration relating to the tonnage or description of a registered ship shall immediately be notified to the Registrar at the port where the ship is registered or any port within Eritrea where the ship calls after the alteration.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : In no event may the notification exceed thirty days after the completion of the alteration or after the arrival of the ship at a national port.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : For the purpose of registry of an alteration in a ship, the ship&#39;s certificate of registry shall be produced to the Registrar and the Registrar may, in his discretion, either endorse and sign on the existing certificate a memorandum of the alteration or retain the certificate of registry and issue a new certificate of registry containing a description of the ship as altered.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>4 - : Where any Registrar, not being the Registrar at the ship&#39;s port of registry, endorses an existing certificate or issues a new certificate under this Article, he shall forthwith send a report of the particulars of the case to the Registrar at the ship&#39;s port of registry, containing a statement of that contained in the endorsement certificate and accompanied where a new certificate has been issued, by the former certificate of registry.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>5 - : The particulars of the alterations so made, and the fact of the issuance of a new certificate, shall be entered in the register of ships by the Registrar at the ship&#39;s port of registry.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>6 - : Where any Registrar, not being the Registrar at the ship&#39;s port of registry, on an application as to an alteration in a ship directs the ship to be registered anew, he shall either issue a provisional certificate, describing the ship as altered, or provisionally endorse the particulars of the ship on the existing certificate.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>7 - : The registry issuing a provisional certificate or provisionally endorsing a certificate under this Article shall include in the certificate or endorsement a statement that the same is made provisionally.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>8 - : Where the ownership of an Eritrean ship is changed, the Registrar of the port at which the ship is registered may, on the application of the owner of a ship, register the ship anew.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>9 - : In the case above mentioned in sub-article (8) hereof, the Registrar shall proceed as in the case of first registry, and on delivery to him of the existing certificate of registry and on the other requisites to registry being duly complied with, he shall make such change of ownership be accomplished by means of endorsement of the existing ship’s document.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>10 - : When a ship is registered anew the former registration of the ship shall be cancelled, except insofar as that registration relates to any unsatisfied mortgage entered thereon, provided that the names of all persons appearing by the former registration to be interested as owners or mortgagees in the ship registered anew shall be entered on the new registration and the registration anew does not in any way adversely affect the rights of any of those persons.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>11 - : Where the registration of an Eritrean ship is cancelled because such a ship has been wrecked or abandoned, or for any reason other than capture by the enemy, the ship shall not be registered anew unless and until she has been surveyed and certified to be seaworthy at the expense of the applicant for registry. <ul>
			</ul></li></ul>