article 24: Transfer of usufruct right

<ul>
			<li>1 - : Subject to Articles 26 and 27, land allotted to a usufructuary for farming shall not be sold or donated.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : Where a deceased usufructuary leaves behind uncollected produce or accessories, such produce or accessories shall be transferred to his heirs when the land is restored to the Government in accordance with Article 13(5) of this proclamation.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : Without prejudice to sub-article 3 of this Article, the Land Administrative Body shall give priority to surviving children who desire to obtain usufruct right over the land held by the deceased usufructuary when re-distributing the land. Partition of such land among surviving children is prohibited. The children of a deceased usufructuary may agree to use the land of their deceased parent in the name of one of them or leave the land to one of them. A child of a deceased usufructuary who has obtained a usufruct right over a farm land shall not be permitted to retain his deceased parent’s land. Where he chooses to retain the land of his deceased parent, the land allotted to him on his own right shall be surrendered to the Government. In applying such priority, the land administration Body shall give special consideration to the deceased’s children of minor age. In instance where the deceased had made substantial improvement by utilizing capital and effort, the Land Administrative Body shall give special weight to the priority.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>4 - : Where land of deceased usufructuary who made substantial improvement over his land by utilizing capital and effort is not transferred to his child in accordance with sub-article 3 of this Article, the value of the improvement shall be paid to the heirs of the deceased. The compensation shall be paid by the new usufructuary who is not the child of the deceased usufructuary. Where the new usufructuary is incapable of paying the value of the improvement made, the value of the improvement shall be paid by the Government. The Government shall have the right to recover the amount of compensation paid from the new usufructuary’s income by way of long term instalment scheme.<ul>
			</ul></li></ul>