article 23: Infrastructure and other Construction 

<ul>
			<li>1 - : The holder of an exploration mining license may construct, operate and maintain within the license area and the area covered by a lease all infrastructure necessary for operations including facilities for roads, communications and power. The licensee may also, with the prior written approval of the Licensing Authority and in consultation with other authorities of the Government, construct such facilities outside of the areas covered by the license and a lease. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : The licensee may use the existing infrastructure if its use by such licensee shall not impair the existing and approved use thereof by other persons. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : The Licensing Authority may require the licensee to cooperate and contribute financially in the construction and maintenance of infrastructure to be used jointly with another licensee or other authorized persons within the areas covered by his license or lease if such joint use of the infrastructure is deemed to be to the economic benefit of all parties concerned. The allocation of the costs of construction and maintenance of such infrastructure shall be determined by the Licensing Authority on the basis of proportional use. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>4 - : The Licensing Authority may require the licensee to permit other persons to use infrastructure of the licensee, provided that such use does not impede mining operations. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>5 - : The Licensing Authority may impose on such person stated under sub- article 4 hereof a fee payable to the licensee if the use of such infrastructure is for commercial purposes. The fee imposed shall be based on the extent of that person&#39;s use in proportion to the total use of such infrastructure by all other such persons and the licensee provided that the licensee shall have a preferential right to capacity utilization of the infrastructure. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>6 - : Notwithstanding sub-article 4 of this article in circumstances of national emergency, the Government may also require the licensee to permit another person or the Government to use temporarily the infrastructure of the licensee, subject only to the payment of compensation in the event of damage including loss of production thereto. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>7 - : The licensee may construct within the area covered by the license or a lease all industrial, administrative, residential, medical and other buildings and facilities necessary for mining operations. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>8 - : All constructions by the holder of a prospecting, an exploration or an artisanal mining license shall be of a temporary nature and shall be removed prior to the termination of the license or to the relinquishment of the area on which such construction is located unless otherwise required by the Licensing Authority. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>9 - : Notwithstanding the provisions of Article 49 (2) of this Proclamation, all constructions of a permanent nature built by a holder of a mining license may, upon the termination of the license, either be removed by the licensee or at the request of the licensing Authority be abandoned and become the property of the Government free of charge. <ul>
			</ul></li></ul>