article 15: Offences

<ul>
			<li>1 - : Whosoever, for any reason whatsoever, attempts to present himself or presents himself as a journalist when actually he is not a journalist within the meaning of the definition provided for in Article 3 of this proclamation shall, upon conviction, be punishable with imprisonment from six (6) months to one (1) year or with a fine from one thousand (1000) to two thousand [2000] US Dollars or its equivalent. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : Whosoever produces or publishes a newspaper or publication without the Minister’s permit and Business License Office’s license permission shall be directly suspended from so doing, his copies and products confiscated and the owner thereof shall, upon conviction, be punishable with a fine from three thousand (3000) to five thousand (5000) US Dollars or its equivalent. He shall be prohibited from being issued with a license for a year. The editor-in-chief shall be prohibited from heading any publication for a year. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : Whosoever prints or reprints for an Eritrean newspaper or publication which doesn’t have a permit or which is prohibited from printing or reprinting shall, upon conviction, be punishable with imprisonment from six(6) months to one(1) year or with a fine from three thousand(3000) to five thousand(5000) US Dollars or its equivalent. And the publication shall be confiscated. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>4 - : Whosoever prints or disseminates a foreign newspaper or publication which has been prohibited from or not permitted entry to Eritrea or the copies of which have been confiscated shall, upon conviction, be punishable with imprisonment from six(6) months to one(1) year or to a fine from four thousand (4000) to six thousand(6000) US Dollars or its equivalent. Where the offence is committed for a second time he shall be punishable with both. But where offence is committed for a third time, his license shall, in addition to the punishment provided for herein, be revoked and his printing press permanently closed. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>5 - : Whosoever, without obtaining a sales and distribution license, is found selling or distributing permitted newspapers and publications shall, upon conviction, be punishable with a fine from three hundred (300) to five hundred (500) US Dollars or its equivalent. Where he repeats the offence, he shall, in addition to being punished with the fine provided for herein, be prohibited from obtaining a license for selling and distributing press products. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>6 - : Whosoever, being licensed to sell or distribute newspapers or publications, is found selling prohibited newspapers or publications in violation of this proclamation shall, upon conviction, be punishable with a fine from five hundred(500) to one thousand(1000) US Dollars or its equivalent. Where he repeats the offence, in addition of being punished with the fine provided for herein, his license shall be revoked. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>7 - : Where a newspaper or publication disseminates wrong news or information regarding individuals or juridical persons and, in violation of the provisions of Article 11 of this proclamation, refuses to accept a reply or to correct it, he shall, upon conviction, be punishable with a fine from five hundred (500) to one thousand (1000) US Dollars or its equivalent, but shall not be liable to concurrent penalty under sub-article (9) hereof. The competent court may also suspend all the activities of the newspaper or the press product unless and until it publishes a reply or correction. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>8 - : Whosoever, in violation of the provisions of Article 8(1) of this proclamation, imports, sells or rents artistic goods without a license shall, upon conviction, be punishable with a fine from three thousand (3000) to five thousand (5000) US Dollars or its equivalent. In addition, all the goods found in his possession shall be confiscated. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>9 - : Where the wrong or false news or information disseminated injuries the honor or prestige or the freedom of privacy of individuals or juridical persons, the offender shall, upon conviction be punishable pursuant to the provisions of Article 580 of the Transitional Penal Code and be liable to pay compensation under the Transitional Civil Code of Eritrea for damage caused. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>10 - : Where inaccurate news or information disrupts general peace as provided in Article 12(2),(4),(5),(6) and (8) of this proclamation, the editor-in-chief and the concerned journalist shall, upon conviction, be punishable pursuant to the relevant provisions (Articles 256,257,259,260,261,263,264, or 269) of the Transitional Penal Code of Eritrea. Where the offence is committed for a second time, the newspaper shall be banned, its license cancelled and the editor-in-chief be punishable pursuant to the provisions of this sub-article. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>11 - : Where any newspaper or publication disseminates materials which vilifies religions or incites violence as provided in Article 12(1) and (3) of this proclamation, the editor-in-chief and the concerned journalist shall be punishable pursuant to the relevant provisions (Articles 256,474,479, or 480) of the Transitional Penal Code of Eritrea. Where the offence is repeated, the newspaper shall be banned, its license cancelled and the editor-in-chief be punishable pursuant to the provisions of this sub-Article. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>12 - : Where any newspaper or publication disseminates material which violates morality in contravention of the provisions of Article 12(5) and (6), the editor-in-chief and the concerned journalist shall be punishable pursuant to the relevant provisions (Articles 574-580) of the Transitional Penal Code of Eritrea. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>13 - : Where any newspaper or publication obtains revenue in accordance with the provisions of Article 7(8) and (9) of this proclamation but the owner fails to prove that it is earned by lawful means, the newspaper or publisher shall be proscribed issuing not less than three and not more than six successive publications and the owner punished by payment of double the amount of the revenue obtained. Where the offence is repeated, the owner shall be punished by payment of double the amount of revenue obtained and with imprisonment not exceeding one year. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>14 - : Where illegal revenue obtained by any newspaper or publication serves external or internal interests, conflicts with the national interests and contravenes the provisions of Article 7(8) of this proclamation, the owner shall be punished pursuant to the relevant provisions (Articles 261 or 264) of the Transitional Penal Code of Eritrea. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>15 - : Where the owner of a newspaper uses the name of another newspaper or uses a name likely to bring about confusion of names, he shall be punishable pursuant to Article 673 of the Transitional Penal Code and liable under the Transitional Civil Code of Eritrea. <ul>
			</ul></li></ul>