article 2: Interpretation
In these Regulations unless the context otherwise requires-
<ul>
			<li> - : &quot;Commercial Discovery&quot; means a Discovery that can be produced commercially after consideration of all pertinent operating and financial data collected during the performance of the appraisal work program and otherwise, including but not limited to Crude Oil or Natural Gas recoverable reserves, sustainable production levels and other relevant technical and economic factors, according to generally accepted international petroleum industry practices.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li> - : &quot;Contract&quot; means a Petroleum Agreement as defined in the Revised Petroleum Operations Proclamation No. 108&#x2F;2000.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li> - : &quot;Development and Production Operations&quot; means operations for or in connection with the production of Petroleum.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li> - : &quot;Discovery&quot; means a significant occurrence of Petroleum recovered at the surface which was not previously known to have existed and which is measurable by generally accepted petroleum industry practices.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li> - : &quot;Drilling&quot; means operations for or in connection with the perforation of the earth&#39;s surface, whether the hole is vertical, inclined or horizontal, and includes all operations for preventing the hole from becoming filled by extraneous materials (including water) and the fitting of wellheads, or coring or logging, and any operations incidental thereto;<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li> - : &quot;Environmental Damage&quot; means, inter alia, soil erosion, removal of vegetation, destruction of wild life and marine organisms, pollution of groundwater, pollution of surface water, land or sea contamination, air pollution, noise pollution, bush fire, disruption to water supplies, disruption to natural drainage and damage to archaeological, paleontological and cultural sites.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li> - : &quot;Exploration Operations&quot; means geological, geophysical and geochemical studies, aerial mapping, seismic surveys, investigations relating to the subsurface geology including structure test Drilling, stratigraphic test Drilling, Drilling of Exploration Wells and Appraisal Wells, and other related activities such as surveying, drill site preparation and all work necessarily connected therewith, that is conducted in connection with exploration for Petroleum. <ul>
			</ul></li>			<li> - : &quot;Factors constituting Control&quot; means: <ul>
						<li> - : - Protocols, agreements or Contracts binding a Contractor with another Contractor or with third parties and relating to the conduct of operations and management of their companies, to the sharing of expenditures and profit, or to the sharing and disposal of products and, if such companies are liquidated, to the distribution of assets; <ul>
						</ul></li>						<li> - : - Provisions of the Contractor&#39;s articles of incorporation and bylaws relating to the head office, the rights attached to capital stock, the majority required in annual general meetings;<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li> - : - The list and nationalities of any physical or legal Person which holds more than ten percent (10%) of the Contractor&#39;s capital stock;<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li> - : - When the Contractor&#39;s debts maturing in more than four (4) years exceed its shareholders equity: names, nationalities and countries of residence of physical or legal Persons who hold debt in an amount of more than twenty percent (20%) of the said shareholders&#39; equity as well as the nature and term of loans obtained from such Persons;<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li> - : - And generally, any transaction the result of which is to make one or more physical or legal Persons gain or lose a controlling interest in the operations and management of the Contractor.<ul>
						</ul></li>			</ul></li>			<li> - : &quot;Initial Regular Production&quot; means the commencement of regular production from the first Field developed by the Contractor.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li> - : &quot;Site Restoration&quot; means all activities required to return a site to its natural state or to render a site compatible with its intended after-use (to the extent reasonable), after cessation of Petroleum Operations in relation thereto. Such activities shall include, where appropriate, removal of equipment, offshore structures and debris, pipelines, establishment of compatible contours and drainage, replacement of top soil, re-vegetation, slope stabilization, infilling of excavations, or any other appropriate actions.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li> - : &quot;Well&quot; means any opening in the ground made or being made by Drilling or boring, or in any other manner, in connection with exploration operations or development and production operations, other than a seismic hole.
Other defined words shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Revised Petroleum Operations Proclamation No. 108&#x2F;2000 or the Revised Petroleum Operations Income Tax Proclamation No. 109&#x2F;2000.<ul>
			</ul></li></ul>