article 26: Pricing

<ul>
			<li>1 - : Access to public telecommunications networks, delivery of public telephony services and leased lines shall be offered to the public at cost-oriented tariffs.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : Prices shall be set on an objective and non-discriminatory basis, and be independent of the purpose for which the user wishes to use a public telecommunications network, public telephony services and leased lines. Prices for offers of access to public telecommunications networks, public telephony services and leased lines, as well as services and functions coming in addition to this, shall be sufficiently unbundled, so that the user is not required to pay for services, functions or outputs not strictly related to the service requested.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : Prices for public telephony services shall normally comprise an initial charge, a periodic subscription charge which may vary with subscription type, and a traffic charge which may vary with usage, peak or off-peak hours, distance and subscription type.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>4 - : Prices for leased lines shall normally comprise an initial connection charge and a periodic subscription charge. If other price elements are used, it shall be made clear how these are calculated. Charges for leased lines shall include the functions supplied between the network termination points where the user has access to leased lines. When leased lines are supplied by more than one operator, prices may be calculated for each operator&#39;s share on a pro rata basis.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>5 - : Discounts may be given provided they reflect cost savings for the telecommunications service concerned. The criteria for discounts may include volume, contract period as well as agreed future deliveries of such telecommunications services.<ul>
			</ul></li></ul>