article 10: Fisheries Information

<ul>
			<li>1 - : The Ministry shall collect, analyse and publish statistical and other information on fisheries.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>2 - : Every person engaged in fishing, related activities or aquaculture shall supply such information regarding those activities, in such form, as an authorised officer may require.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>3 - : The Minister may consult with fisheries management authorities of other states or with any international, regional or bilateral body to which the State of Eritrea is a member with a view to the harmonisation and&#x2F;or coordination of management measures and the exchange of information on fisheries, and may exchange such information as the Minister deems necessary for the purposes of the proper management of fisheries.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>4 - : The Minister may, by notice, require that:<ul>
						<li>a - : any record of information required under sub-Article (2) hereof may he entered or recorded by electronic means; and<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>b - : such information shall be transmitted to the Director-General or other competent authority by radio signal or such other means as may be prescribed.<ul>
						</ul></li>			</ul></li>			<li>5 - : The Minister shall, by directive, determine:<ul>
						<li>a - : the form and manner of reporting;<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>b - : the procedure to be followed;<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>c - : the means which may be used; and<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>d - : the reporting interval or such reporting schedule as may be required.<ul>
						</ul></li>			</ul></li>			<li>6 - : Notwithstanding any publication made by the Minister under sub-Article (1) above, ownership of all information required to be reported, notified or otherwise given to the Ministry or the Minister under this Proclamation is vested in the Ministry.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>7 - : Ownership of all information generated by a satellite tracking device required by and operating under Article 13 is vested in the Ministry.<ul>
			</ul></li>			<li>8 - : The Minister may exchange and provide information, including evidentiary material, related to non-compliance with any provision of this Proclamation or with any international conservation and management measure, to the appropriate authorities of:<ul>
						<li>a - : the flag state of any foreign fishing vessel suspected of such non-compliance;<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>b - : in terms of any international, regional or bilateral agreement of which the State of Eritrea is a signatory; or<ul>
						</ul></li>						<li>c - : any international, regional or bilateral body of which the State of Eritrea is a member.<ul>
						</ul></li>			</ul></li>			<li>9 - : The Ministry may instruct the Director General to maintain a list of IUU vessels established in accordance with the terms laid down by any international, regional or bilateral body of which the State of Eritrea is a member.<ul>
			</ul></li></ul>